Added articles for the Grid and TreeList pager template (#1342)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/templates/pager.md

---
title: Pager Template
page_title: Grid - Pager Template

> description: Use custom pager templates in Grid for Blazor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to use a custom pager template in the Blazor Data Grid. The template allows you to customize the layout, content, and functionality of the Pager UI component.
```
